I'm Hyundai one of the co-founders and
CEO of insiders I'm sure to say that I'm
not the star of the show today she is
the star of the show why because we are
going to talk about customer retention
and she is my CMO and maybe you can take
the Liberty talk introducing yourself
maybe sure I'm married very nice to meet
all of you it's so nice to be here with
the crowds learning from each other from
each other's challenges being on the
same boat and trying to create those
Unforgettable Journeys together working
with Honda for the past eight years and
it's a special moment to be on the stage
with her as well so welcome again and I
hope you enjoy the session
perfect
so retention is the new acquisition
and this is why today
thanks to our experiences
we are going to talk about customer
marketing and how we can build a
customer marketing strategy which can
take us to
140 40 percent of Nets Revenue retouch
and for B2B sales companies as you all
know
net7 retention should be without any
discussion do not star metric you can't
think about a B2B sales company
which has like a you know less than one
thousand ten one thousand sorry 110 or
100 percent natural retention
so that's why it's the North Star
inevitable North Side metric for the B2B
sales companies
that's why we are going to talk about
how customer marketing can help to reach
140 percent off
yeah so just before we start actually I
want to say something over here like we
didn't actually compile things from you
know Google or chat GPT for you today
that could have been the case uh but we
actually uh sat down and thought about
our challenges our learnings throughout
building a customer marketing function
and we came up with the 10 10 game
changing uh strategies for you and we
want to share them you know with the
common practices and the game changing
one so you can compare it for yourselves
and tactics are tactics and we all know
tactics are tactics but the most
important thing is actually to uh not
the tactics themselves it's the creating
those scalable repeatable and consistent
programs that actually bring us the real
results if you're doing things in
isolation and if you're you know
comforting your heart at night saying
I'm doing enough customer marketing
probably you're not because it's the
consistency and the repeatable and
scalable programs we're going to share
with you that we actually saw work and
that actually had a significant impact
act on our retention and hopefully to
our nrr metrics so Honda why don't you
start us with the first tactic before
starting I would like to add something
because when you say something is like
you know create another idea on my mind
maybe sometimes and most of times it's
better to define those like you know
importance of the things with some
analogies
and for me those tactics are like you
know
brushing your teeth imagine that it's
night time
you went to your bed
ah you realize that you forgot to brush
your teeth
and it is damn difficult to wake up
again and going to like you know
bathroom and starting to brush your
teeth
but at the same time once you get up
from this bet once you like you know get
to the bathroom and you start to brush
your teeth it's very easy
just two minutes so those activities
easy to mention as easy as like you know
brushing your teeth but at the same time
it is as difficult that like brushing
your teeth I just wanted to remind you
that and good leaders get up and brush
their teeth hopefully
we also or against it sometime to time
but the tactic one
tactic not because of that we know it
you know well or we do it like you know
great tactics from our learnings I would
like to indicate that and the first
activity is segmentation building a
segmented communication plan think about
your marketing software you always give
like you know importance to segment the
users while you are trying to reach them
out so that's why we know that the
common practice of segmentation is
actually segmenting your customers base
the customer based on their like you
know upside potashed everything we all
do that or we create email nurture
programs or webinars or events exposed
to them to the new products and features
we all do that
the game-changing practice will be will
be is
segmenting customers based on their
personal upside potential tenure
maturity and like you know many others
sub you know attributes and by knowing
that sea levels actually don't care
about product and features at the end of
the day
whenever you do a cell or whatever you
would like to remind them something they
would like to feel like you know special
and they actually buy you at the end of
today what you say then you know your
products especially sea levels by the
way I'm not talking about you know your
hero is this partner or in this customer
but sea levels they want to see the only
results and results so that's why
segmenting them based on their you know
of personas and you know
choices maturity even knowing like you
know their birthdays and touching them
at the right time
with the like you know write messages
just like we do at insiders is the key
in here so you should have a real
segmented it's not like you know very
generous segmentation you should have a
real segmented communication plan with
your sea levels of your customers
because at the end of today they are the
ones who are going to approve your
budget even doing a nutrition with
success story to one of your like you
know existing clients doesn't work that
much I know that Murray will kill me too
because as I say this but
with a very special thing very special
day business it can be a news it can be
a new development in Tech it can be
something special to their industry and
a personal message of that would be
great because it means like a Special
Touch
so after this tactic
maybe we can talk a little bit about the
tactic too
let's do it
okay we always think talk about you know
think outside the box but this is an
actual gift box and we all send it to
our customers and what isn't a typical
gift
boxer is giving a box or full of like
you know I love those bags just kidding
so actually you know every SAS company
sends a box as for like an onboarding
box Sasser gave us a lovely bag today we
have Snuggies water bottles mugs candles
chocolate cookies you know we have a lot
of them at home we even do which is
totally fine but if you really want to
go to the next level with your gifting
program you need to take the gifts
outside of the box and you should not be
for focusing on you know providing
things to people you would be as kind of
was talking earlier people care about
the relationships they buy you they they
trust you so it's really important to
create experiences for people because
think about it you go on a date or you
try to start a new friendship and what's
really important is not you know getting
each other gifts it's about
understanding each other's soul and
building that relationship the
foundations of that relationship is
really about First Impressions so the
game changing practice is
you know maybe just sending
um a digital frame in a box which we did
that Insider so a real tactic here uh
and the digital frame was personalized
to the person who's receiving it so you
tap on the digital frame which is a
photo frame which we all have you know
photos of kids and people on our desk
it's a living thing over there it will
stay on the desk and it started with
Honda's uh personalized video so Honda
was like hello James uh you know very
nice to have you as a part of our
community but you need to confess how
you did this yes I did this of course I
shoot like you know video for like you
know everyone and I know that this video
is not going to be public of course we
also used AI for this yes I just like
you know read the text and then they end
with the names inside yeah Hyundai
Hyundai was great and we did we use a
deep AI was a great AI was also great uh
we did deep fake and it was like hello
James hello Catherine hello Chris and it
was the it was just changing the video
it gave us scale because we had to send
this to every single onboarding customer
and the other thing the other step would
be and we didn't do this yet so if
anyone does it before us just let us
know uh we thought about like maybe
having a basketball game or maybe having
like a baseball game whatever you guys
like with your customers and just
kicking kicking it off yes you have the
things again you have the jerseys with
your branding on uh you know you have
the socks with your branding on and your
water bottles and your little candies or
whatever the beers at the end of the
game but you actually kick off the
relationship at a different level it's a
different vibe you know like we're
vibing here today like it's a different
vibe you know it's not like the regular
work day so I think uh the outside of
the taking the gifts outside of the box
and creating those experiences is really
going to be the future of customer
marketing it's all about relationships
even if you send them a freaking scooter
it's not gonna buy you that relationship
as we all know leadership is an endless
journey and we are still like I'm still
learning like you know every day and
every day and most of time I feel like
I'm still not like you know good leaders
however one of the very
first thing that I learned in my
leadership like you know journey of us
making the onboarding for all the people
that you have hired in the company
Unforgettable so they will never forget
this day so it's going to be you know
great like you know value for the
retention for long term and it's same
for the customers both technically you
should be you know you should be
providing an opportunity to make it like
you know Unforgettable and you can also
support this with customer marketing
give them an onboarding that they can
never ever forget about
and just on that note
um just thought about it I think
um the day Hyundai hired me she was in
her
um you know pink tights and she was like
coming from the gym it was a Sunday
morning I had an interview with her and
I think it was that day that really
captured my heart and soul and that
relationship has been there for eight
years so it's all about I think those
moments she made it Unforgettable for me
she was writing our dreams on a piece of
tissue paper in a Italian restaurant
Sunday morning so I think focus on the
relationships don't focus on if you
don't have budget great it makes you
more creative get a basketball run out
there and get get it get the
relationship going with a great game I
think tactic today is mine yes okay here
we go so Reinventing Your traditional
upsell floor so the common practice for
the upsell is of course having meetings
to talk about the new features emailing
your new features and having meetings
again and emailing again have you ever
heard about our you know the new product
new feature signing the videos Etc
but what we do
what is it like you know of game
changing practice
this year I started to for example shoot
videos
for our new products
there I'm using those new features
by myself and start to share them with
the customers
I use the like you know control button I
create the scenarios myself we are
shooting those videos and we start to
send them to customers so
this product works by the bay like
Concepts or CEOs like you know using
dependent sharing these world's videos
and making them feel like you know they
are not going to just use a new feature
making them feel like you know they are
using something with any I mean another
Community who is really lucky enough
getting value or out of it they are also
using this and maybe making them even
like you know physical creating like you
know product Walks By The Bay product
talks like you know in another location
combining with some like you know the
other concepts are always very helpful
to make them feel like it's not only
about the new features it's about a new
experience that special people that we
can experience with other special people
so that's why
under this concept context you can send
them like you know branded also like you
know things like t-shirts hoodies watery
bottles yes you can do this but whatever
you think about you know that you can
send them to make them feel like this
community experience will be important
because since the like you know ancient
times
every single human being would like to
feel like they are part of a community
or a tribe ideally a special one ideally
a strong one ideally like you know you
know an intelligent one
so this is what you can actually offer
them
great
so tactic four
active upsell what the hell is it
actually we created this term so let me
cover the common practice first so
usually in SAS uh products you have a
freemium model you try to get excited
you know people get excited they try or
two and they want to buy more but this
is not like a platform level and then
you have you know automated features or
messages or you know an academy in the
platform that you can go and learn about
the product this is a standard this is a
common practice so product lab growth I
think there are sessions about it today
as well like where it's getting really
important for uh companies like ours and
the game changing practice for
um upsells using your product is
actually a term that we coined that
Insider active upsell
uh an active upsell is about basically
um you know as Honda explained when you
have a new feature your account manager
your customer success teams what do they
do they email they try to convince they
try to convince constantly that this
product is going to be really great it's
worth their Investments uh buy it try it
trust me this is all fine it's working
right it worked until today however how
do you take it to the next level uh you
get active about it you don't get
passive about upsell and what you do is
you open a little feature I mean this
but this might not be relevant for
everyone in the room for every software
but for us it was very relevant so we
open a little feature let's say they got
246 conversion rate using one of our
products X products and this is a great
result if the platform spoke to them and
said hey Dylan
you know we have you have achieved this
amazing result uh and now you can
actually try this new feature for free
and we're going to take you through a
product lab we're going to hold your
hand and you're gonna get great results
from this you make them get the results
and then once you have the results if
they're the decision maker they're going
to be like wait this is going to pay
payback for my investment and if it's if
they're not the decision maker they can
go back to their CEO CMO and they can
say here is the results
and they create internal buy-in for that
product so you don't spend your time or
waste your time on actually convincing
days emails calls presentations qbrs and
then you actually show them the value
before they actually make the investment
so we call this active upsell we started
experimenting with it and it's it's a
powerful tool and I think you should you
guys should try it the other thing is
the dynamic content and the personalized
feature experiences as I mentioned you
know don't just put those pop-ups
everywhere speaking to no one again
doing personalized messaging Dynamic
messaging guiding them within the tool
and platform will allow you to create
inbound upsell opportunities and it's
going to start creating an engine that's
it will start creating an engine that
will actually you know take you away
from just doing Customer Events because
if you want a strong upsell uh Revenue
opportunities coming especially from
marketing you need to also think about
your products as a main Channel and you
have to think about digital strategies
okay
tactive five which is about creating
that loving feeling in your community so
second maybe tactic about the community
yes because Community is the key
I remember that in last year's reshape
we have more than 20 000 people joining
us digital marketers by the way we have
an event Global event called reshape
every year we Define the digital events
in the world with the participation of
the uh you know the top world top Global
Brands and they like you know sea levels
for example last year we also hosted
featured speakers like uh Barack Obama
and Richard Sir Richard Branson and in
all of those events yes we had like you
know a lot of participants a lot of
attendees however
we decided to have also local reshapes
during the years
while we only run this for the local
community in our of locations in service
locations like Japan in Seoul in Tokyo
in London and those community events
local community events which was much
more successful compared to this like
you know big and expensive events why
because local touch and bringing them
together as a community is much more
powerful and is more more touchy
compared to like you know those very big
events and creating that kind of loving
communities common practice is creating
disconnected program without real
Community engagement real Community
engagement is the key in here
and just writing to the slack groups
just resending them like you know some
again uh emails or running product
webinars that you can never be sure that
who is listening who is understanding
those are not like you know
old-fashioned and old school tactics so
that's why the game changing practice is
building an active community
that triggers a sense of belonging
requires consistent and at the same time
connected programs for example not just
webinars gamified webinar seminars
repeatable scalable customer event
customer advisory boards for example we
have established a customer Advisory
Board in each country not just on to
understand the you know of their needs
not just to understand the Dynamics of
this Market not just to understand their
ideas also for the referrals we are
trying to also understand you know whom
they can introduce us how we can
actually introduce our leads because at
the end of the day they become the like
you know biggest word of mouth for your
brand and that's why actually building
meaningful valuable comments
conversations in your online community
by the way to be honest
and I know that I'm going to have a lot
of maybe negative reactions about it
once this speech is going to be public
I'm a big enemy of the
online I mean online communication
I believe that world has lost a lot of
things due to like you know work working
from home concept the human interaction
and many things it's not about only
business sometimes when you just walk in
the office when you see someone when you
look at the face then you immediately
grab that or catch that he's not or
she's not feeling good we lost that kind
of interactions so that's why the same
thing applies for the customer I like
one of the things that Jason mentioned
before by the way he's also part of our
Advisory Board and was also about to
share on with that Insider he mentioned
that get on this Jet by the way as
entrepreneurs not Jets we are getting on
the just planes economic class but just
get on this plane shake that and talk
about it talk about your products and
experiences face to face that means like
you know huge difference
so this community building thing also
with your customers ideally
should be face to face and that's how
they are going to feel the like you know
the real emotions in the room
Tactic six is yours I talk too much
yes
um I'm actually going to speed up a bit
because I know you guys might have
questions so we want to leave time for
that uh so loyalty programs
um there is uh you know there's a lack
of loyalty programs in most SAS
organizations it's not our priority but
it should be going forward uh and mostly
we try to buy attention we give Amazon
vouchers gift cards this that um but
again we are even as adults we are kids
inside and we like playing we like
gamification right and we like being a
part of a community that we can share
our triumphs as well so basically the
game changing practice here there's a
lot of game changing practices here but
one of them is
um you know creating a point system
we're asking a lot from our customers
just think about it like MPS G2 reviews
uh please come to our conference and
speak there give us a case study give us
a testimonial give us that give us a lot
of things right buy this product from us
so thinking about what we ask from them
we can reward them with a point system
so 50 points for your G2 review 200
points for your lovely uh speaking
opportunity at reshape
with Honda maybe or with some other uh
panelists and that way they're
accumulating points and they're they can
access this through your platform or you
could create a separate platform uh
where they can log in and see their
points and turn it into something that's
meaningful for them not meaningful for
us so what does that mean they can turn
this into a donation for their favorite
charity or they could turn it into like
a consultation with one of our account
managers for the upcoming product
release or a better product usage so
they can turn it into something they
find meaningful not us so you can start
thinking about how you can differentiate
your loyalty programs
so tactic seven
gamifying your customer referral
programs and the common practice about
is this generally a single fixed reward
for referrals by the way as we are
talking about you know concept of
retention is a new acquisition and again
even for the new customers utilizing
your existing client base making the
mirror like you know your Brand's you
know best Advocates is the most
important strategy for the B2B sales
companies like us especially in those
times at those like you know economic
fluctuations so that's why
just monitor your incentives for the
referral programs that you are going to
get from your or you are going to get
refers from your existing customer base
is again like you know lack of sensation
lack of like you know uh I think reality
lack of strategy so that's why the game
changing practice for the referral
program is actually tired in science
incentives based on the non-brand
quality of the refers it doesn't have to
be like you know one size fits all it
doesn't have to be only one program for
the older Rivers based on this customers
based on this person who actually
provide you this referrals all we all
referred you should have like you know
special treatment based on their own
like you know likes
think about yourself
you have your likes and dislikes in
those life rights and it's same for
everyone everyone has their lives and
dislikes so you should be able to find
these likes and try to reward them based
on them and this is actually how you can
make your default programs much for
Meaningful and of course gamification
can be a part of it because with
leaderboards badges or Point systems you
can actually run like a much more fun
people programs where you can reward
them in a much more intelligent
and more personalized way
take the gates great
only nine minutes left
again building your engineering review
programs at last uh so I'm sure most of
most of you guys have presence on one of
the review sites out there and you're
trying to climb up in the grids which is
really important for SAS because they
actually turn into a new acquisition
Revenue as well uh so basically here the
common practice is blasting everyone
again uh with these review campaigns
where you send the same email to all
your customer base and expect them to
magically turn in
happen that way quit mass communication
it's really important to start with your
happy customers why happy customers say
happy things and it's very important for
you to start with them to get your top
amazing reviews and also if you really
want to send them an Amazon Amazon
voucher or some sort of present and
recognize them do it after not before
don't say here is a 20 Amazon voucher
for you can you please give me a review
you will end up getting maybe two star
three star reviews right so don't try to
buy their attention their time turn them
into Advocates and make them want to do
things for you and here we are sending
them a thank you email or a thank you
donation or thank you something that is
personalized to them by their account
manager no mass communications that's
the trick over here and make it
consistent don't go there one quarter do
a review campaign don't do it for three
quarters go back again doesn't work
consistency repeatable scalable programs
as we mentioned and that's something
that's important for all of you in the
room
tactic nine
think about a conversation that you
would like to get an information out of
it think about any type of relationship
without giving you can't expect anything
right
and you are going to receive in the
level that you are going to give to this
relationship or this conversation or
this like you know company
so that's why please ignore the common
practice or just do it but you know just
just have like a you know balance around
them ask ask us before giving to
customers and companies ask customers to
buy more products we have built a new
feature buy our new products fill in the
MPS please feel our MPS be a speaker at
one of our events provide case studies
let's rewrite a product review for us
because we need to be a top of the top
of that you know child whatever
we are just asking sometimes so try to
give
try to think about the you know things
that they are that you are giving them
maybe sometimes an information maybe
sometimes and nutrition maybe sometimes
the feeling of being part of their yield
strategy
it doesn't mean that you shouldn't like
you know establish it not scalable
customer support success team support
team but at least you can also nutrit
them with your customer experience team
and then you can actually make them feel
like you are thinking about them you are
carrying them and you are you are open
to giving not just asking once they
filled it that magic happens
tactic 10.
um oh this is very important so let me
open all of it for time's sake so
Champion a culture of customer marketing
uh this is a personal pain
that I have
uh it's actually you know customer
marketing teams are lonely they are
quite lonely in the organization they
have to work with sales they have to
work with customer success teams they
have to work with customers and they
need to solve those magical problems for
you getting reviews speakers we
mentioned it multiple times so it's very
important as the you know sea levels of
the organization needs to come from the
top you really need to create that
culture of customer Marketing in the
organization and make people educate
people about understanding that this is
done not for fun this is done for
retention and to reaching our
outstanding nrr metrics so if you create
that culture if you educate people about
how important that event is then your
sales teams your customer marketing team
customer success teams will feel more
responsible team bringing the right
people in that room to maximize the
upsell potential in the room the upsell
pipeline in the room if they don't see
this as if they see this as a secondary
task if they see this as one of the
things they need to do I need to get
that review I need to get that case
study if they're thinking in that
mentality you your customer marketing
team is set up for failure so don't do
that if you're building a customer
success or an experience team that's
separate please help them and change
that culture in the organization
I think we have a bonus would you like
to go for a bonus go for it I think you
should go for bonus you deserve it more
as a sea level because this is a c-level
message
go over it we are starting with leaders
there is no sea level anymore but yes
okay let me go for it
so
as we all say as we always say happy
customer actually spread the word they
become your best sales representatives
and especially while you are Beyond 100
million dollars of error just like just
like us just like insidish
and we should aim to acquire at least I
know that the number is ambitious but
it's realistic trust me we should aim to
acquire
30 to 50.
exactly in that range
percent of our new customers from word
of True Word of Mouth
that's the key and 77 percent of
consumers are more likely to purchase a
product or service when they hear about
it when they hear about it from someone
they Trust this is what we call
externality
and you should do the same thing
sometimes for your team there's a tactic
I also apply to Merv and you know all
the people other people then they always
hear it from me then like it becomes
like you know very regular sayings and
then it doesn't like you know I think
pass to them or pass through them but
sometimes I ask someone else maybe
outside of organization to tell them you
know to tell them the realities or to
tell them like you know what's good or
bad what leaks what looks more logical
what looks nice and that applies for our
customer if you just tell by my product
it will not start it's not work that
much but if someone else will tell them
okay we used inside and that's great I
mean here is the ROI here's the numbers
here you go
then it creates like you know vow
effects and customers acquired through
word of world heavy 16 to 25 percent
higher lifetime value than non-referred
customers ladies and gentlemen
this is a huge number
this is huge and you know if you if you
are successful with your customer
marketing strategy and if you really
create That Loving Feeling in the
community that's what's going to turn
into word of mouth and that's also going
to support your new acquisition Revenue
so that's the key here it's a vicious
cycle and you need to crack the code for
customer marketing going forward you
guys don't have a choice so thank you so
much we have the key takeaways for the
sake of time I'm just gonna use the
clicker and not go through them for you
but I want to do something maybe uh not
many people do at saster but I think it
was a great crowd you guys were so
engaged with your eyes sparkling your
phones up taking notes thank you so much
for uh being such an Engaged audience
and I just want to take a selfie because
I want to make this moment Unforgettable
for all of us and when you have a really
amazing customer marketing team and I
will never think about that and this is
why you are the market okay if you use
any one of these tactics and you find
some success please write to us let's
share let's learn from each other so I
assume you're not getting any questions
because time is up I think we have one
minute maybe we can get that one brave
soul for the question but first the
photo under do you mind of course no I
won't can you guys raise your hands
let's do it how do you get in the photo
oh
oh thank you guys thank you
[Music]
[Applause]